Add content for JSON serialization and deserialization (#5)
ddhodge/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/explore/change-data-capture/cdc-get-started.md

  {{% tab header="JSON" lang="json" %}}

> To use the JSON Schema serialization, you can use the [KafkaJsonSerializer](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/io.confluent/kafka-json-serializer) and equivalent deserializer. After downloading and including the required `JAR` file in the Kafka-Connect environment, you can directly conigure the CDC source and sink connectors to use this converter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For JSON schema serialization, you can use the [Kafka JSON Serializer](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/io.confluent/kafka-json-serializer) and equivalent deserializer. After downloading and including the required `JAR` file in the Kafka-Connect environment, you can directly configure the CDC source and sink connectors to use this converter.
```
